Update DeprecatedMachineType alert runbook (#339)
kubevirt/monitoring: docs/runbooks/DeprecatedMachineType.md

**Important:** Plan and apply these updates before performing cluster
upgrades to avoid VM restart failures or compatibility issues.

> Alternative: remove the machine field to let KubeVirt default to the newest supported type:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Alternative: remove the machine field to let KubeVirt default to the newest
 supported type:
```

```bash
# Removes spec.template.spec.domain.machine so the mutating webhook defaults it
kubectl patch vm <vm-name> -n <namespace> --type='json' \
  -p='[{"op":"remove","path":"/spec/template/spec/domain/machine"}]'
```

> Note: The kubevirt-api-lifecycle-automation tool performs this defaulting in bulk across multiple VMs.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Note: The kubevirt-api-lifecycle-automation tool performs these JSON patches  
in bulk across multiple VMs.
```
